http://www.fiverr.com/conversations/bseen_design

Please create a clear and simple layout for me.
If you download all three files I attached to the same directory, then open index.html in your web browser you will see the content that is going into this web page.
Basically, it's a list of instructions for getting something up and running.The large blocks of shaded text they have to copy and save with a particular filename.
The smaller blocks of text are code that they must run in a terminal.This site doesn't need to be fancy, but it must be beautiful and clear.
If you have any questions, let me know.
--Jack


Vincent,

This is going to be a great project! I like where you're going with this and I want to bump the site up to two pages instead of one. I paid for the $20 extra plan so we can get started.

Take a look at the site so far:  http://freecinc.com

Create a Home Page
------------------

I would like you to design the home page ( http://freecinc.com ) to match the Configuration Page that you already designed. The home page is the one at http://freecinc.com that says "FreeCinc: A Hosted solution for syncing your TaskWarrior Client" at the top.

As for the configuration page (the one you already designed), you get to it by clicking "Generate my Keys!" from the home page. I'm hoping that instead of a generic-looking link that the "Generate my Keys" call-to-action can be something more dynamic and engaging.


Changes to Configuration Page
-----------------------------

Once you click "Generate my Keys!" on the home page, it takes you to the configuration page.

The biggest thing that needs to happen is that the big blocks of text are gone, so that instead of copy-and-pasting them, the user will just download them as files.

It would be nice if the links to those files were dynamic and engaging.


Navigation
----------

Please provide some means of navigating from the configuration page back to the home page.



Font Family
-----------

Which font did you use on the design? I'm hoping to go with a web font that approximates what you used.
